An update to deleted radius topology (S69) (#1407)
pi-base/data: spaces/S000069/properties/P000180.md

---
space: S000069
property: P000180
value: true
---

> Consider $A\subset X$. There exists a countable set $D_0\subset A$ wchich is dense

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider $A\subset X$. There exists a countable set $D_0\subset A$ which is dense
```

> in $A$ with the Euclidean subspace topology.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
in $A$ with the Euclidean subspace topology because {S176|P180}.
```

Let $A_0$ be the closure of $D_0$ in $A$ with the deleted radius topology.
If $x\in A\setminus A_0$, then there exists a disc $B_x$ centered at $x$ such that

> $B_x\cap A$ is contained in the right radius of $B_x$. Let $C_x$ denote the left halfs of discs centered at $x$ and half the diameter of $B_x$. The sets $C_x$

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
$B_x\cap A$ is contained in the right radius of $B_x$.
Let $C_x$ denote the left half of the disc centered at $x$ with half the radius of $B_x$. The sets $C_x$
```

are then disjoint and Euclidean-open, hence $A\setminus A_0$ is at most countable.

> Therefore $d:=D_0\cup (A\setminus A_0)$ is a countable and dense subset of $A$.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Therefore $D_0\cup (A\setminus A_0)$ is a countable and dense subset of $A$.
```
